[Music]
very good my dearest lovers of the
heart attention because there is a
complaint from Miguel Frigenti to
Sofia's brother his scoop to Cristian Sueco or I am going
to tell a little about the context of this
situation how they got here and
why Miguel Frente wants to report
Cristiano well it turns out that
suddenly it is Cristian from Sálvame
saying that Miguel Free people would have
paid him for erotic videos for
intimate erotic video calls you already know that
Cristian Suescun well he is dedicated to
live and live and it is a
social network not like we have Twitter
YouTube and these things well they are lifan in
a social network in which famous and non-
famous value of because that famous person
sell intimate photos okay they can be
intimate photos it can be
exclusive content it does not have to be
pornographic but generally what is
sold is pornographic okay it was more
explicit explicit videos and so on
then Cristian accuses Miguel Free
people of also having been unfaithful because
my people and he has a partner  how good that
a forty-something gave him one night he
was contacting this guy via live and
with Cristian asking him for some
video calls and some good
exclusive videos some photos and so on he doesn't give me the
all and of course he denies everything says he does
n't need to pay for these things and
that Cristian is pathetic
and that all this stuff that no no no he doesn't
like it that he wouldn't want to be with him not even for
free it's worth
something that Cristian has responded
showing the bank transactions
where you can see apartments or what
could appear vision of Miguel'
Frigenti towards Asia it's Cristian with those
250 euros in which he asks for a video
that he pays him for an exclusive video an
erotic video
Kiko Hernandez has checked with
Miguel's free people's vision and if the
data is the same and they are exactly
identical they have not done the test Miguel
fi people and sends him a visual Kiko
Hernandez and the data appears the same
okay the name Miguel free people and
just as it appears in vision it is the same
as how it is shown  Christian Swedes so let's
see
the evidence is there the end people and he
continues to deny it and deficient says no that he is
going to report for
identity theft and for document forgery it
is an incredible move no what he has
done was go to the police station because
the gentleman the complaint and the complaint they are going to
report that you put in the police station and
this well I tell you from experience
that this is putting it to simply
say look at the paper okay I do not say this
from experience because it has also happened
to file complaints there as if wanting to
file them seriously and they do not call us it is very
strange it must be a very big thing it must be
a very big thing for
the judge to call you or the police to call you to
hand over more things or
whatever and this at the moment they see
Miguel Frigenti the context of the
story and also as you can
see in the photograph it was filed by the
Fuencarral police station itself, that is, the
Telecinco police station that police station will be fed
up with the people of Telecinco
okay  nonsense no this should not
even let him enter the
police station door has been I say when you
want to file a complaint
like that seriously not for defamation this
could perfectly fit under the
right to honor a complaint a
civil lawsuit for violation of
honor because she is accusing him of being
unfaithful to her boyfriend and in addition to having
paid for having had to have asked him
explicitly no then if Miguel Free
people were one hundred percent sure
that this is false what he would do without a
doubt would be hire a lawyer and go
civil because if it is one hundred percent
that Cristian cannot prove that Cristian
loses it because Cristian has
collected money going to Sálvame to
accuse him in fact and even if he had not
collected money he is also already
accusing him of being unfaithful to his partner they pay for
two private
intimate sexual videos about or in other words it is not worth it
that this would lose it if this were
false as Miguel says in front of Miguel
Free Gentile sues Cristian Suescún and
Christian has to pay him
but you have to file a
civil lawsuit for  right to honor and
if you want to be a part of it, then also a criminal case
for identity theft,
document forgery, that would come later, okay, but
what Miguel Free did was
go to a police station to file a
complaint to show a marked piece of paper to
the police station and if the crime is criminal and
more or less like that, then it is recorded in
the complaint.
Another thing is that this has to be
done by chance in that style, the more I read how
many complaints you have filed that
a window has been broken or
that your car has been broken into or
whatever, for sure they will then call us
for trials or anything but for the
insurance so that the insurance is responsible for
the damages or the complaint of having to
put the paper in order and for
this what he has done is the following and
to show the paper on twitter, okay,
I think that if Miguel, the client, were
sure, okay, he would sue for civil proceedings,
spending the money on a lawyer, the
passengers, more, he is not afraid that no and
I have to pay for things on top of that,
then it would be expensive for him in the live and
then, well, we'll see how
this evolves  my colleagues don't
believe Miguel in front and they believed him at
first but then I didn't like it
very much because they have recorded
Miguel free people during the
commercial conversations with his boyfriend
conversations with his mother no mom
this is a lie honey this is
a lie I don't know what totally illegal thing I don't know what these people sign to allow that to be recorded in commercials private telephone conversations and broadcast them afterwards we have seen it done on many occasions we have spoken about it in fact on several occasions and
friends and people aggravate it the public
talking to his mother talking to her
boyfriend and him when broadcast afterwards he doesn't
look nervous he gets up fallen but well
let's see let's see how
these families evolve what do you think of
these laws in the comment box don't
forget to subscribe to the load I send you
a huge hug
[Music]